src/jobs/director-product-design-ux-ui-frankfurt.md, before:

---
title: Director Product Design UX / UI
location: frankfurt
discipline: creative
contact: vicky
workdayLink: https://www.accenture.com/de-de/careers/jobdetails?id=R00028361_de&title=Director+Product+Design+UX%2fUI+(f%2fm%2fd%2f-)+%7c+SinnerSchrader
description: >-
  SinnerSchrader is one of the leading design and technology agencies in Europe
  with a focus on the design and development of digital products and services.
  More than 500 employees work on the digital transformation for companies such
  as Audi, comdirect bank, ERGO, Telefónica, TUI, Unitymedia and VW.
  SinnerSchrader was founded in 1996, has been listed on the stock exchange
  since 1999 and has studios in Hamburg, Berlin, Frankfurt am Main, Munich,
  Zurich and Prague. Since April 2017, SinnerSchrader is part of Accenture
  Interactive.


  We are currently looking for a Director Product Design UX / UI (f/m/d/-) at our Frankfurt office.
expectations:
  - Leadership and further development of the Product Design team
  - Consulting and strategic development of our clients
  - Conception of complex transactional websites, applications and services
  - Conducting internal and external workshops
  - Preparation and implementation of pitches
  - "Client responsibility "
requirements:
  - Solid experience in user-centered design, user experience design, interface
    and interaction design
  - Many years of professional experience in the development of digital services
    and products
  - Very broad brand, content and online know-how
  - Experience with design thinking methods and agile working methods
  - Strong presentation skills
  - Business fluent in German and/or English
offers:
  - Exciting and innovative projects for well-known companies
  - Varied tasks and space for personal responsibility
  - Professional and personal development
  - A pleasant working atmosphere and short decision-making processes
  - Great benefits (Accident insurance, Workers Council, Employer share purchase
    program, Employee Referral Program, and more)
---

Commit message:

Update Job “director-product-design-ux-ui-frankfurt”

src/jobs/director-product-design-ux-ui-frankfurt.md, after:

---
title: Product Owner
location: zurich
discipline: account management
contact: vicky
workdayLink: ""
description: >-
  SinnerSchrader Swipe is a studio for mobile product management, design and
  software engineering with offices in Hamburg, Berlin and Zurich. We develop
  digital products – radically user-centered services focusing on mobile
  touchpoints. Our core competencies are experience design, strategy and mobile
  engineering for iOS and Android. Our portfolio includes companies in sectors
  such as mobility, automotive, lifestyle and telecom. Some of our better known
  clients are Audi, Europa Park, Motel One, VW and Telefónica.


  We are currently looking for a Product Owner (f/m/d/-) for our Zurich office.
expectations:
  - Identification and recording of stakeholder and customer requirements as
    well as concrete solution development together with the team
  - Content and operational management of a cross-functional development team
  - Active management of the product backlog and prioritization according to the
    requirements of all stakeholders and customers
  - Execution of sprint plannings, reviews and backlog refinements
requirements:
  - Practical experience as a product owner in a digital environment
  - Familiarity with agile mindset & methods
  - Strong conceptual and analytical skills as well as a structured, proactive
    way of working
  - Experience with project control and requirements management tools (e.g.
    JIRA, Confluence)
  - Experience in working with internationally operating groups
  - "Business fluent in English "
offers:
  - Exciting and innovative projects for well-known companies
  - Varied tasks and space for personal responsibility
  - Professional and personal development
  - A pleasant working atmosphere and short decision-making processes
  - Great benefits (Accident insurance, Workers Council, Employer share purchase
    program, Employee Referral Program, and more)
---
